zkEVM - revision per team review (#662)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/overview.md

- Modularity: CDK modular components allow developers to easily customize their L2 environment and build a chain that meets their specific needs.

> - Interoperability: Opt-in to the [AggLayer](../innovation-design/agglayer/overview.md) to bootstrap your chain's ecosystem, enable cross-chain transactions, and gain access to the users and liquidity of other chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interoperability: Opt-in to the [AggLayer](../innovation-design/agglayer/overview.md) to bootstrap your chain's ecosystem, enable cross-chain transactions expanding your reach and user base, while attracting users and liquidity from other established chains.
```
